FontDame GSUB table


script table begin
DFLT	default		0, 2, 4
sogo	default		1, 3, 5
script table end


feature table begin
0	aalt	0, 1
1	aalt	0, 1
2	salt	2, 3
3	salt	2, 3
4	calt	4
5	calt	4

feature table end

lookup	0	single

RightToLeft	no
IgnoreBaseGlyphs	no
IgnoreLigatures	no
IgnoreMarks	no

u10F00	Aleph.alt
u10F06	HeFin.alt
u10F11	Samekh.alt
u10F12	AyinAlt.altA
u10F13	AyinAlt.altB
u10F14	Pe.alt
u10F15	SadheFin.alt
u10F1A	Taw.alt
u10F1B	TawFin.alt
u10F1C	TawFinV.alt

lookup end


lookup	1	alternate

RightToLeft	no
IgnoreBaseGlyphs	no
IgnoreLigatures	no
IgnoreMarks	no

u10F0C	Lamedh.altA	Lamedh.altB

lookup end

lookup	2	alternate

RightToLeft	yes
IgnoreBaseGlyphs	no
IgnoreLigatures	no
IgnoreMarks	yes

u10F0C	Lamedh.altA	Lamedh.altB

lookup end


lookup	3	single

RightToLeft	yes
IgnoreBaseGlyphs	no
IgnoreLigatures	no
IgnoreMarks	yes

u10F00	Aleph.alt
u10F06	HeFin.alt
u10F11	Samekh.alt
u10F12	AyinAlt.altA
u10F13	AyinAlt.altB
u10F14	Pe.alt
u10F15	SadheFin.alt
u10F1A	Taw.alt
u10F1B	TawFin.alt
u10F1C	TawFinV.alt

lookup end


lookup	4	chained

RightToLeft	yes
IgnoreBaseGlyphs	no
IgnoreLigatures	no
IgnoreMarks	yes

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F0B
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0A
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F0B
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0D
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F0B
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0E
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F0B
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F10
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0A
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0D
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0E
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F10
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F09
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0A
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F00
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F01
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F04
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F05
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0C
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
Lamedh.altA
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
u10F14
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
Lamedh.altB
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0A
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0D
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0E
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F10
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F09
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0A
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F00
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F01
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F04
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F05
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
u10F0C
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
Lamedh.altA
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
subtable end

inputcoverage definition begin
Pe.alt
coverage definition end

lookaheadcoverage definition begin
Lamedh.altB
coverage definition end

coverage	1,5
lookup end





lookup	5	single

RightToLeft	yes
IgnoreBaseGlyphs	no
IgnoreLigatures	no
IgnoreMarks	yes

u10F0B	Kaph.cut
u10F14	Pe.cut
Pe.alt	Pe.altcut

lookup end

